change-tiup-related-content (#7047)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-playground.md

      --pump int                 Specify the number of Pump instances. If the value is not `0`, TiDB Binlog is enabled.
      --pump.binpath string      Specify the location of the Pump binary files (optional, for debugging)
      --pump.config string       Specify the Pump configuration file (optional, for debugging)
      -T, --tag string           Specify a tag for playground
      --ticdc int                Specify the number of TiCDC instances (default: 0)
      --ticdc.binpath string     Specify the TiCDC instance binary path (optional, for debugging)
      --ticdc.config string      Specify the TiCDC instance configuration file (optional, for debugging)
      --tiflash int              Specify the number of TiFlash instances (default: 1)
      --tiflash.binpath string   Specify the TiFlash instance binary path (optional, for debugging)
      --tiflash.config string    Specify the TiFlash instance configuration file (optional, for debugging)
      --tiflash.timeout int      Specify TiFlash maximum wait time in seconds for starting. 0 means no limit
      -v, --version              Specify the version of playground

>       --without-monitor          Disable the monitoring function of Prometheus and Grafana. To enable the monitoring function by default, do not add this flag

Author: ```suggestion
      --without-monitor          Disable the monitoring function of Prometheus and Grafana. If you do not add this flag, the monitoring function is enabled by default.
```

tiup playground nightly
```

> In the command above, `nightly` is the version number of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the command above, `nightly` indicates the latest development version of TiDB.
```
